Explain integration test  WebHostBuilderSection (#31609)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/test/integration-tests.md

When additional configuration is required within a test method, <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Testing.WebApplicationFactory%601.WithWebHostBuilder%2A> creates a new `WebApplicationFactory` with an <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.IWebHostBuilder> that is further customized by configuration.

> The [sample code](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/tree/main/test/integration-tests/IntegrationTestsSample/tests/RazorPagesProject.Tests/IntegrationTests) calls `WithWebHostBuilder`. For more information, see [Inject mock services](#inject-mock-services) in this article.

Author: ```suggestion

The [sample code](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/tree/main/test/integration-tests/IntegrationTestsSample/tests/RazorPagesProject.Tests/IntegrationTests) calls `WithWebHostBuilder` to replace configured services with test stubs. For more information and example usage, see [Inject mock services](#inject-mock-services) in this article.
```

## Inject mock services

> Services can be overridden in a test with a call to <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.TestHost.WebHostBuilderExtensions.ConfigureTestServices%2A> on the host builder. For example, the sample SUT app calls  <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Testing.WebApplicationFactory%601.WithWebHostBuilder%2A> in the following tests:

Author: ```suggestion
Services can be overridden in a test with a call to xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.TestHost.WebHostBuilderExtensions.ConfigureTestServices%2A on the host builder. To scope the overridden services to the test itself, the <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Testing.WebApplicationFactory%601.WithWebHostBuilder%2A> method is used to retrieve a host builder. This can be seen in the following tests:
```

* [Get_QuoteService_ProvidesQuoteInPage](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/blob/main/test/integration-tests/IntegrationTestsSample/tests/RazorPagesProject.Tests/IntegrationTests/IndexPageTests.cs#L166-L173)
* [Get_GithubProfilePageCanGetAGithubUser](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/blob/main/test/integration-tests/IntegrationTestsSample/tests/RazorPagesProject.Tests/IntegrationTests/AuthTests.cs#L35-L38)

> * [Get_SecurePageIsReturnedForAnAuthenticatedUser](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs.Samples/blob/main/test/integration-tests/IntegrationTestsSample/tests/RazorPagesProject.Tests/IntegrationTests/AuthTests.cs#L105-L117)

Author: @jvandertil maybe I should move most of this to the previous section.
